All right.
So now we're going to add the chroma DB over here.
So I'm going to go add the code for the chroma.
So let's go here and see how we did that.
Okay.
So we need to definitely import the chroma uh which is this guy.
So I'm going to do that.
And we are not going to really run the uh run the all split and then the embedding.
So because this is the one which is going to create the vector store, uh, with all the different uh,
data for us, rather you can see that we can retrieve from the persistent vector data store.
This is what I really need because I wanted to use the existing persistent database, which is the chroma
lang chain DB.
So I'm going to use this code as you are seeing over here.
So let's go copy this and paste it over here.
But guess what this particular chroma lang chain db is not in this directory.
Right.
Because we can either copy paste from there to here in this particular section folder as well.
Instead we can just reuse it.
I'm just going to say dot slash dot dot slash.
and I'm going to go to the section five of the RAC document and slash.
We have this chroma DB.
Look at that.
That's straightforward right.
We can just get there directly to get the persistent storage.
And we can probably check if we could able to uh, work with this particular vector store just to test
if you're really having the connectivity there.
So if I run this, you will notice that what is bias testing.
It could able to answer me like how it's supposed to.
So which means the connectivity is working fine.
So which means the vector store has got the data from this particular directory which is great.
So our Chrome DB, the Chrome DB is also working for us without any problem.
And the final operation probably in this particular retriever operation is going to be, uh, the retriever
itself, the retriever in the Lang chain.
So this is very important.
So we have to do that.
I think there is a typo there for the retriever.
Uh, let me just fix that over here.
So, Three.
Where are from vector stores.
So that is what we are going to be doing over here.
And the retriever is going to be this guy.
So let's go copy paste it over here.
And if I run this this is the retriever which is going to have the similarity search from the vector
database.
Amazing.
And now we can perform the rest of the operation.
We don't really need this document retrieval manually or things of that nature.
We are not going to do that.
But now we are going to build a tool which is going to call the retriever that we have got over here
to give us the answer that we are looking for.
So this is the most important part that we are going to be talking about.
So this is where the tool is going to be created for us.
So how do we actually do that?
Well, in order for me to create the tools, I'm going to just say creating a tool to, uh, to retrieve
the data from vector stores.
Uh, vector stores.
Right.
So how do we create the tool?
We already discussed about that in our earlier sections as well.
So the way that you can create the tool is are we going to call the from Lang Chain uh over here.
And I'm going to call the tools and I'm going to import tool.
Right.
That's going to be importing the tool.
And I'm going to create a tool over here.
So I'm going to decorate it.
Bias detection.
Uh and I'm going to pass the query which is going to be of a string type.
Uh and it returns me a string as well.
Right.
That's what it's going to be doing over here.
So over here in this particular um, in this particular bias detection, I'm going to return, uh,
something like this.
So basically I'm going to be, uh, writing a prompt over here, uh, something like this.
And I'm going to say what kind of bias is mentioned in this article.
So I'm going to do something like that.
And over here I'm going to say you must use this tool for bias related testing in LM, which is the
large language model.
Right.
So that is what I'm going to be telling in this particular tool.
While the agent actually chooses this particular tool, it needs to know the context.
And that's the reason why we need to add this particular details over here.
And these are the prompt that we are going to be passing to the large language model.
I'm going to add an arguments here.
And I'm going to say query uh is going to be the search query for bias detection whatever.
Right.
write, maybe just query.
That should be fine.
You don't have to give so many details over here.
Uh, that should be good.
And now, what is the way this buyer detection bias detection is really going to work?
Or basically now this guy is going to return me the retriever dot.
And we're going to call this invoke method.
If you remember this guy, which is going to get me all the different queries that we have got over
here, and we can give the page content, which is going to have the page contents as well.
So I'm going to just leave this guy as it is.
So maybe, uh, maybe page content should be good enough, uh, if we call that.
So I'm going to save this everything over here.
And now the final thing that we have to do is after this particular tool, we need to create the tool
array.
And then we need to pass that to the agent, uh, so that we can pass the query to the agent and we'll
see how the response is going to come up, which we'll be doing in our next lecture.